Bump minor version to 7.1.0 (#4441)
kframework/k: CHANGELOG.md

copyright: Copyright (c) Runtime Verification, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
---

K Framework 7.1.0
=================

Major Changes
-------------

- The Pyk distribution package name has been renamed to `kframework` in

>   preparation for publishing the library to PyPi. The _module name_ remains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  preparation for publishing the library to PyPI. The _import package_ remains
```
